When I started studying the Bible,
there were various factors
that hindered my study.
I was a truck driver,
and I was on the road a lot.
I had the worst kind
of friendships,
and I smoked.
I smoked, on average, 60 cigarettes a day.
I realized that if I
was going to make the needed adjustments,
I had to change my profession.
So I changed my job.
But if I wanted to get baptized,
I had to stop smoking.
I cut down to two or three cigarettes a day.
One day, I bought a single cigarette.
I lit it, and I prayed to Jehovah.
I begged him to help me,
and he did help me
—so much so that I never smoked again.
And to this day,
I don’t even have the urge to smoke.
Ten years after my first Bible study,
I was baptized.
I’ve been serving Jehovah for 20 years now,
along with my wife and all my children.